fix: repair broken external links across docs (#2207)
celo-org/docs: tooling/overview/setup/windows.mdx

### Set up the Linux Environment

> Now that you have Linux installed, let’s install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). Nvm \(node version manager\) makes it easy to install and manage different versions of Node.js. The following instructions are from the [celo-monorepo setup documentation](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/blob/master/README.md).

Reviewer: Here as well, README.md doesn't have the following instructions, so maybe we can use this instead
```suggestion
Now that you have Linux installed, let’s install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). Nvm \(node version manager\) makes it easy to install and manage different versions of Node.js. The following instructions are from the [celo-org/developer-tooling contributing guide](https://github.com/celo-org/developer-tooling/blob/88cbd54f1/CONTRIBUTING.md#installing-nodejs).
```
